content/home/posts.md, before:

+++
# About widget.
widget = "blank"  # See https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/page-builder/
headless = true  # This file represents a page section.
active = true  # Activate this widget? true/false
weight = 100 # Order that this section will appear in.

title = "Opinions"

# Choose the user profile to display
# This should be the username of a profile in your `content/authors/` folder.
# See https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/get-started/#introduce-yourself
author = "AdamGleave"
+++
Some of my opinions are best expressed in formats other than an academic paper.
Here are a few of my more notable interviews and essays:
 
[Careers in Beneficial AI Research](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RFo7_9JVmt0z8RPwUjB-mUMgCMoUQmsaj2CM5aHvxCw/edit) (July 2020).
A guide for those interested in AI research careers that have a social impact, with a focus on graduate school.

[Conversation with AI Impacts](https://aiimpacts.org/conversation-with-adam-gleave/) (August 2019).
My reasons for being (cautiously) optimistic about the future of AI.

Commit message:

Link to LaTeX design patterns from home page

content/home/posts.md, after:

+++
# About widget.
widget = "blank"  # See https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/page-builder/
headless = true  # This file represents a page section.
active = true  # Activate this widget? true/false
weight = 100 # Order that this section will appear in.

title = "Opinions"

# Choose the user profile to display
# This should be the username of a profile in your `content/authors/` folder.
# See https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/get-started/#introduce-yourself
author = "AdamGleave"
+++
Some of my opinions are best expressed in formats other than an academic paper.
Here are a few of my more notable interviews and essays:

[Writing Beautifully in LaTeX](/post/latex-tips-tricks/) (August 2020).
Design patterns for composing LaTeX documents.
 
[Careers in Beneficial AI Research](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RFo7_9JVmt0z8RPwUjB-mUMgCMoUQmsaj2CM5aHvxCw/edit) (July 2020).
A guide for those interested in AI research careers that have a social impact, with a focus on graduate school.

[Conversation with AI Impacts](https://aiimpacts.org/conversation-with-adam-gleave/) (August 2019).
My reasons for being (cautiously) optimistic about the future of AI.
