content/authors/AdamGleave/_index.md, before:

---
# Display name
title: Adam Gleave

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: true

# Role/position
role: Founder & CEO at FAR AI

# Organizations/Affiliations
organizations:
- name: FAR AI
  url: "https://far.ai/"

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: "Founder of [FAR AI](https://far.ai), an alignment research non-profit working to incubate and accelerate new alignment research agendas. Previously: PhD @ UC Berkeley; Google DeepMind. Research interests include adversarial robustness and interpretability."

interests:
- Artificial Intelligence
- Deep RL
- Beneficial AI

education:
  courses:
  - course: PhD in Artificial Intelligence
    institution: UC Berkeley
    year: 2022
  - course: MPhil in Advanced Computer Science
    institution: University of Cambridge
    year: 2016
  - course: BA (Hons) in Computer Science
    institution: University of Cambridge
    year: 2015

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/page-builder/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "#contact" for contact widget.
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: 'mailto:adam@gleave.me'
- icon: twitter
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://twitter.com/ARGleave
- icon: mastodon
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://sigmoid.social/@AdamGleave
- icon: google-scholar
  icon_pack: ai
  link: https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=lBunDH0AAAAJ
- icon: github
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://github.com/AdamGleave
# Link to a PDF of your resume/CV from the About widget.
# To enable, copy your resume/CV to `static/files/cv.pdf` and uncomment the lines below.
- icon: cv
  icon_pack: ai
  link: /cv.pdf

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email: "adam@gleave.me"

highlight_name: true

# Organizational groups that you belong to (for People widget)
#   Set this to `[]` or comment out if you are not using People widget.
user_groups:
- Researchers
- Visitors
---
I am the CEO and co-founder of [FAR AI](https://far.ai), an alignment research non-profit working to incubate and accelerate new alignment research agendas. I received my PhD from UC Berkeley under the supervision of [Stuart Russell](https://people.eecs.berkeley.edu/~russell/). I was fortunate to be part of the [Center for Human-Compatible AI](http://humancompatible.ai/) during my PhD and funded by an Open Philanthropy Fellowship. Previously, I've spent time at DeepMind working with [Jan Leike](https://jan.leike.name/) and [Geoffrey Irving](https://naml.us/), and Cambridge working with [Zoubin Ghahramani](http://mlg.eng.cam.ac.uk/zoubin/) and [Christian Steinruecken](https://q4.github.io/). Please see my [CV](/cv.pdf) for a more comprehensive list of my prior experience.

Commit message:

Update FAR AI to FAR.AI and mention board memberships

content/authors/AdamGleave/_index.md, after:

---
# Display name
title: Adam Gleave

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: true

# Role/position
role: Founder & CEO at FAR.AI

# Organizations/Affiliations
organizations:
- name: FAR.AI
  url: "https://far.ai/"

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: "Founder of [FAR.AI](https://far.ai), an alignment research non-profit working to incubate and accelerate new alignment research agendas. Previously: PhD @ UC Berkeley; Google DeepMind. Research interests include adversarial robustness and interpretability."

interests:
- Artificial Intelligence
- Deep RL
- Beneficial AI

education:
  courses:
  - course: PhD in Artificial Intelligence
    institution: UC Berkeley
    year: 2022
  - course: MPhil in Advanced Computer Science
    institution: University of Cambridge
    year: 2016
  - course: BA (Hons) in Computer Science
    institution: University of Cambridge
    year: 2015

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/page-builder/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "#contact" for contact widget.
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: 'mailto:adam@gleave.me'
- icon: twitter
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://twitter.com/ARGleave
- icon: mastodon
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://sigmoid.social/@AdamGleave
- icon: google-scholar
  icon_pack: ai
  link: https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=lBunDH0AAAAJ
- icon: github
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://github.com/AdamGleave
# Link to a PDF of your resume/CV from the About widget.
# To enable, copy your resume/CV to `static/files/cv.pdf` and uncomment the lines below.
- icon: cv
  icon_pack: ai
  link: /cv.pdf

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email: "adam@gleave.me"

highlight_name: true

# Organizational groups that you belong to (for People widget)
#   Set this to `[]` or comment out if you are not using People widget.
user_groups:
- Researchers
- Visitors
---
I am the CEO and co-founder of [FAR.AI](https://far.ai), an AI safety research institute working to ensure advanced AI is safe and beneficial to humanity. Outside of FAR.AI, I am a board member of the [Safe AI Forum](https://saif.org/), the [London Initiative for Safe AI](https://www.safeai.org.uk/) and [METR](https://metr.org/). Prior to founding FAR.AI, I received my PhD from UC Berkeley under the supervision of [Stuart Russell](https://people.eecs.berkeley.edu/~russell/), and previously worked at Google DeepMind with [Jan Leike](https://jan.leike.name/) and [Geoffrey Irving](https://naml.us/). Please see my [CV](/cv.pdf) for a more comprehensive list of my prior experience.
